It’s because she’s called the goddess Tang Laowei,
He is as defeated as ever, and he has lost five thousand miles of work for you.
North Korea, I know why Tang Laowei is not so big,
Could it be that his conscience discovered it?
Fortunately, I didn’t sell you out at that time, otherwise you might have felt that you had trusted me by mistake.
You must understand it sincerely from now on. indefinite.
Yes, you are really amazing,
You can actually win over hundreds of young masters,
I really hate your mother, you are a piece of brain,
What are you talking nonsense about this morning?
If it weren't for Baijia, he would never be a dog.
How could Auntie lose that piece of bottom?
Do you know how the young master of the Bai family can tell you a solution?
Bell woman is married with something mouth-to-mouth
Why are you engraved in the cooperative room with your lower head?
Do you know how much I paid for this elephant disciple?
This elephant tool is really meaningful
All made for you
You little family
Why don't I just die?
Ringing, you have to go alone
Still giving to my mother’s monster
I restored your conscience and discovered it
You ran over there first and let me see
Just like the Bai family thin eyes
Do you know this person?
The mistress has been arrested
But a small family
Youthful and pitiful on the surface
Bad blood from another hole
Let's make more water slides
I was originally your master
He is really early
Are you breathing again?
Be more respectful when talking to my wife from now on
If you hide it like you just did
If I hear the second side again
you can't afford me
If anyone sells it to you in the future, please let me know.
I won't let him pass
This is your first time with someone
So dangerous
I don’t want you to please. It’s so nice of you. Lei Zihan
What did you tell him next year?
The superior said that
Some things are strict
I asked you to be strict with him
Who asked you to tell me what you were pretending to be?
The brain is a good thing
You and they don't have any evidence now
Look, why are you so angry?
Can you strengthen your family?
It’s so early in the morning to vent your anger.
I only have my head and I can’t speak anymore
Do you have a good morning?
Huhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhu
Huhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhu